# Online-Retail-Store
The analysis of online retail sales for the CEO and CMO
In this project, different questions asked by the CEO and the CMO were presented in charts tailored to the specific questions asked. 
Firstly, the data was cleaned using power query to ensure that quantity is not below one unit, unit price should not be below 0 and data were shown from the year 2011 as required. The invoice data was filtered to start after January 1, 2011.

The CEO would like to know the time series revenue data for 2011 only and in months. The revenue generated in 2011 is presented in a line graph showing the revenue generated for each month. The highest revenue was generated in November, with 1.5 million plus revenue. It is evident that revenue increased greatly from September to November and dropped drastically in December. This means September, October, and November are the peak months in 2011.

The CMO is interested in viewing the top 10 countries generating the highest revenue with the highest quantities, and the United Kingdom is to be excluded. 
The clustered Column chart showed the top 10 countries (excluding the United Kingdom) generating the highest revenue, with the quantity sold in descending order. The Netherlands generated the highest revenue, while Norway generated the lowest among the top 10 list. 

The CMO is interested in knowing the top 10 customers by revenue. The top 10 customers are represented in a bar chart. Customer with the customer ID 14646 was the highest, generating 271,614 revenue for the company. 


The CEO wanted to see the regions with the highest demand for their products, excluding the United Kingdom, and wanted to view the entire data on a single page.
The field map showed the revenue generated by different regions excluding the United Kingdom; the ball sizes represent the quantity.  The biggest ball represents the Netherlands, with the highest revenue of 193,550, followed by Eire, which means these regions should be targeted for expansion.

